fix: make fields sorted by lexicographical order (#7711)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We fixed an issue where the XMP Importer would incorrectly return an empty default entry when importing pdfs [#6577](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/6577)
- We fixed an issue where opening the menu 'Library properties' marked the library as modified [#6451](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/6451)
- We fixed an issue when importing resulted in an exception [#7343](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/7343)

> - We fixed an issue Some fields are in random order [#7710](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/7710)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We fixed an issue where the field in the Field formatter dropdown selection were sorted in random order [#7710](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/7710)
```
